core-java-modules/core-java-exceptions/README.md, before:

## Core Java Exceptions

This module contains articles about core java exceptions

### Relevant articles:
- [Chained Exceptions in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-chained-exceptions)
- [ClassNotFoundException vs NoClassDefFoundError](https://www.baeldung.com/java-classnotfoundexception-and-noclassdeffounderror)
- [Create a Custom Exception in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-new-custom-exception)
- [Exception Handling in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-exceptions)
- [Differences Between Final, Finally and Finalize in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-final-finally-finalize)
- [Difference Between Throw and Throws in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-throw-throws)
- [“Sneaky Throws” in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-sneaky-throws)
- [The StackOverflowError in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stack-overflow-error)
- [Checked and Unchecked Exceptions in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-checked-unchecked-exceptions)
- [Common Java Exceptions](https://www.baeldung.com/java-common-exceptions)
- [[Next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-exceptions-2)

Commit message:

JAVA-11533 Move core-java related modules to core-java-modules (#12119)
* JAVA-11533 Move core-java related modules to core-java-modules

* JAVA-11533 Remove moved modules from old parent pom

* JAVA-11533 Updated Readme and pom of parent module

* JAVA-11533 Revert changes made to Readme of parent module

* JAVA-11533 Moved articles to respective submouldes

core-java-modules/core-java-exceptions/README.md, after:

## Core Java Exceptions

This module contains articles about core java exceptions

### Relevant articles:
- [Chained Exceptions in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-chained-exceptions)
- [ClassNotFoundException vs NoClassDefFoundError](https://www.baeldung.com/java-classnotfoundexception-and-noclassdeffounderror)
- [Create a Custom Exception in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-new-custom-exception)
- [Exception Handling in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-exceptions)
- [Differences Between Final, Finally and Finalize in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-final-finally-finalize)
- [Difference Between Throw and Throws in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-throw-throws)
- [“Sneaky Throws” in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-sneaky-throws)
- [The StackOverflowError in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stack-overflow-error)
- [Checked and Unchecked Exceptions in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-checked-unchecked-exceptions)
- [Common Java Exceptions](https://www.baeldung.com/java-common-exceptions)
- [Will an Error Be Caught by Catch Block in Java?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-error-catch)
- [[Next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-exceptions-2)
